Vendor Load: Establish pattern for model development and initial database setup (#346)
sul-dlss/libsys-airflow: README.md

[connection](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/concepts/connections.html) with the host, login, and password fields matching the
database being used by Okapi.

## Development

### Vendor load plugin

> Using and developing the vendor load plug in requires it's own database. Ensure that the `vendor_laods` database exists in your local postgres and is owned by the airflow user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using and developing the vendor load plugin requires a dedicated database. Ensure that the `vendor_loads` database exists in your local postgres and is owned by the airflow user.
```
